Welcome back.
Remember this slide I told you that we're going to wait until we set up our developer environment.
And up until now we've been using a browser to run our Python code.
But we want to be professional developers and professional developers use professional tools in our
case.
These are the main ones in the Python community.
Right now we have the terminal or command prompt.
If you're on Windows to run quick python scripts and we've seen this before I can go into my terminal
type in Python or Python 3.
Make sure that we have that version and then in here I can just write any python script that I want
I enter it and I just run these simple scripts and I can just exit like this.
This is used for just quick testing but most of the time you're not going to see professional programmers
use this method very often.
Instead most of the time we use something like code editors or I.D. Now nothing's preventing me from
writing Python code in let's say a word document a Google Docs or a text file.
But the problem with that is that well it just looks like text and when you make a spelling error when
you write improper syntax where it's not Python code.
If I'd just write it a word document it's not going to tell me any information.
A professional developer need some extra tools that code editors and ideas provide that help us be more
efficient with our code and we're going to be exploring that over the next couple of videos.
But what is a code editor and an idea and what's the difference.
We're actually going to show you how each of these work but a simple rule is that code editors are light
weight they give you some really nice features like auto completion lynching which we're going to talk
about while I.D. are full fledged environments.
That is they provide a ton of extra stuff in order for us to just write really good code because of
that they tend to be bigger.
You have to download a large file size but they come with a lot of things like auto completion debugging
code formatting unit testing code snippets.
So on and so forth versus code editors where you have to just install bits and pieces and kind of create
your own environment but enough talk let's actually install some of these and don't worry at the end.
We'll also introduce you to this idea of a Jupiter notebook which is one of my favorites.